VictoriaTraces: Add documentation (#9246)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriatraces/README.md

VictoriaTraces is open source user-friendly database for distributed tracing data 
from [VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/).

VictoriaTraces provides the following features:
- It is resource-efficient and fast. It uses up to [**3.7x less RAM and up to 2.6x less CPU**](https://victoriametrics.com/blog/dev-note-distributed-tracing-with-victorialogs/) than other solutions such as Grafana Tempo.
- VictoriaTraces' capacity and performance scales linearly with the available resources (CPU, RAM, disk IO, disk space).
- It accepts trace spans in the popular [OpenTelemetry protocol](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/)(OTLP).
- It provides [Jaeger Query Service JSON APIs](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.6/apis/#internal-http-json) 
  to integrate with [Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/jaeger/) or [Jaeger Frontend](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.6/frontend-ui/).

## How does it work

> VictoriaTraces is built on top of [VictoriaLogs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/), which is a log database. 

Reviewer: I am not sure we should mention it because of the upcoming separation and changes in the storage.

Reviewer: Also, I think this section should be afterthe  quick start.

It receives trace spans in OTLP format, transforms them into structured logs, and provides [Jaeger Query Service JSON APIs](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.6/apis/#internal-http-json) for querying.

For detailed data model and example, see: [Key Concepts](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/keyConcepts).

![How does VictoriaTraces work](how-does-it-work.webp)

Building VictoriaTraces in this way enables it to scale easily and linearly with the available resources, like VictoriaLogs.

> ## Quick Start

Reviewer: I think Quick Start should focus on how one can set up VictoriaTraces and get some real results. I'd recommend showing how to set it up using Docker Compose, along with Grafana and a Jaeger data source preconfigured. To generate some sample traces, we can suggest using `jaegertracing/jaeger-tracegen` tool:

```
docker run --rm \
  --env=OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=http://victoriatraces:9428/insert/opentelemetry/ \
  --network=docker_default \
  jaegertracing/jaeger-tracegen:1.70.0 \
  -duration=1m
```

After running this, users should have some traces data in the storage. So we can navigate them to Grafana, select the Jaeger data source, and explore the generated traces.

@jiekun wdyt?

Author: I agree we should have a full demo. For vm and vlogs there're some docker compose in /deployment. I think we should just provide the link to there and avoid maintaining same things in different places.

Reviewer: updated in 5a053d571

> Currently, VictoriaTraces is under actively developing. It provides [binary releases](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces/releases/latest) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaTraces is currently under active development and not ready for production use — features may change or break without notice. It provides [binary releases](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces/releases/latest) and
```

> docker images ([Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/victoriametrics/victoria-traces/) and [Quay](https://quay.io/repository/victoriametrics/victoria-traces?tab=tags)). 

Reviewer: I'd suggest removing these sections for now, as the linked pages currently lead to empty pages. Since we haven't started publishing images yet, it makes sense to add them back once we do.

Author: Preserved only build from source.

It can also be built from VictoriaTraces repository. See: [How to build from sources](#how-to-build-from-sources).

### How to build from sources

Building from sources is reasonable when developing additional features specific to your needs or when testing bugfixes.

#### Development build

1. [Install Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).
1. Run `make victoria-traces` from the root folder of [the repository](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces).
   It builds `victoria-traces` binary and puts it into the `bin` folder.

> #### Production build

Reviewer: Let's remove it since there is no production build for now.

VictoriaTraces is open source user-friendly database for distributed tracing data 
from [VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/).

VictoriaTraces provides the following features:
- It is resource-efficient and fast. It uses up to 3.7x less RAM and up to 2.6x less CPU than other solutions such as Grafana Tempo.
- VictoriaTraces' capacity and performance scales linearly with the available resources (CPU, RAM, disk IO, disk space).
- It accepts trace spans in the popular [OpenTelemetry protocol](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/)(OTLP), 
  which can be exported from applications, OpenTelemetry and various other collectors.
- It provides [Jaeger Query Service JSON APIs](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.6/apis/#internal-http-json) 
  which allows you to visualize trace with [Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/jaeger/) or [Jaeger Frontend](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.6/frontend-ui/).

> ![Visualization with Grafana](grafana-ui.webp)

Author: Moved it to `querying` section and replaced the image with a 50kb static screenshot.
